She doesn't need your help.
I was talking to Lucky.
Okay?
What do you have to do with any of this decision?
Because the baby...
is mine.
Damien, you know.
This baby...
Lucky.
Lucky, I wanna hear from you.
Is what he says true?
Bastard!
Brad!
So...
the baby's mine.
She's mine.
There's your answer.
Get it.
Can you just keep playing me down?
About nothing left.
Brad, what are you saying?
Don't worry about me.
Without you, I have no meaning left in my life.
Brad, don't do anything stupid!
Lucky, come back!
I'm carrying your child, too.
You'll be hurt. What about me?
I never touched you.
You used my sperm without my consent.
Whatever happens to you has nothing to do with me.